
## 321.  Saviour through the desert lead us.
[edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-QSWF4nVuQPUpPEk_9goSbI-C1amY3uM/edit?mode=html)



    1. Saviour, through the desert lead us, 
    Without Thee we cannot go;
    Thou from cruel chains hast freed us, 
    Thou hast laid the tyrant low:
    Let Thy presence 
    Cheer us all our journey through.

    2. With a price Thy love has bought us, 
    (Saviour, what a love is Thine!) 
    Hitherto Thy pow’r has brought us, 
    (Pow’r and love in Thee combine): 
    Lord of glory,
    Ever on Thy household shine.

    3. Through a desert waste and cheerless, 
    Though our destin’d journey lie, 
    Render’d by Thy presence fearless,
    We may ev’ry foe defy:
    Nought shall move us,
    While we see the Saviour nigh.

    4. When we halt, (no track discov’ring), 
    Fearful lest we go astray,
    O’er our path Thy pillar hov’ring,
    Fire by night, and cloud by day, 
    Shall direct u s;
    Thus we shall not miss our way.

    5. When we hunger, Thou wilt feed us, 
    Manna shall our camp surround;
    Faint and thirsty, Thou wilt heed us, 
    Streams shall from the Rock abound: 
    Happy people!
    What a Saviour have we found!

    6. When our foes in arms assemble,
    Ready to obstruct our way,
    Suddenly their hearts shall tremble,
    Thou wilt strike them with dismay i 
    And Thy people,
    Led by Thee, shall win the day.

    7. Then lead on, Almighty Victor,
    Scatter ev’ry hostile band;
    Be our guide and our protector,
    Till on Canaan’s shores we land: 
    Where in glory
    Soon we hope with Thee to stand.
