
## 400.  'Oft we, alas! forget the love.'
[edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wmm2f2iWYsNZ-Iaf_qAgXiXAD2shSwBe/edit?mode=html)



    1. Of t  we, alas! forget the love
    Of Him Who bought us with His blood; 
    Who now, as our High Priest above,
    E’er intercedes for us with God.

    2. Oft we forget the woe, the pain,
    The bloody sweat, th’ accursed tree,
    The w rath His soul did once sustain,
    From sin and death to set us free.

    3. Oft we forget that, strangers here,
    This world is not our rest or home;
    That, waiting till our Lord appear, .
    Our hearts should cry, “ Come, Saviour, 
    come!”

    4. Oft we forget that we are one
    With every saint that loves His nam e; 
    United to Him on the throne—
    Our life, our hope, our Lord, the same.

    5. O, then, what love is here display’d !
    That Jesus did this feast provide 
    The very night He was betray’d,
    The very night before He died.

    6. Here, in the broken bread and wine,
    We hear Him say, “ Remember me .
    “ I gave My life to ransom thine, _
    “ I bore thy curse to set thee free.

    7. Lord, we are Thine—we praise Thy love— 
    One with Thy saints, all one in Thee;
    We would, until we meet above,
    In all our ways, remember Thee.

    8. “For 1 have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, That the Lord Jesus, the same night  in which he was betrayed, took bread: And, when he had 
    given thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat: this is my  body, which is broken for you: this do in remembrance23
    l o r d ’ s  s u p p e r . of me After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in 
    my blood : this do ye, as oft as ye drink it, in remem- brance of me. For as often as ye eat this bread, and 
    drink this cup, y e do shew the Lord’s death till he come. - 1 Cor. xi. 23-26.
