
## 305.  'When along life''s thorny road.'
[edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1z_jbo5-CNNTB8xC9mzA_I68OmnUShYpd/edit?mode=html)



    1. W hen along life’s thorny road,
    Faints the soul beneath its load,
    By its cares and sins opprest,
    Finds on earth no peace or re s t;
    When the wily temp ter’s near,
    Filling us with doubts and fear;
    Jesus—to Thy feet we flee, 
    Jesus—we will look to Thee,

    2. Thou, our Saviour, from the throne, 
    List’nest to Thy people’s moan;
    Thou, the living Head, dost share 
    Ev’ry pang the members bear
    Full of tenderness Thou art,
    Thou wilt heal the broken h eart;
    Full of power, Thine arm shall quell 
    All the rage and might of hell.

    3. Thou, O Jesus, Thou hast borne 
    Satan’s rage—the worldling’s scorn; 
    Thou hast known the bitter hour,
    Of the wily tempter’s power;
    Lo, Thy bloody sweat we see,
    In the dark Gethsemane!
    Hark! that piercing awful cry,
    From the Mount of Calvary.

    4. By that Love which brought Thee down 
    From Thy high eternal throne,
    Veiled the Lord of earth and skies,
    In an infant’s lowly guise;
    By that Love which healed the maim, 
    Cured the sick, restored the lame,
    Bade the darken’d eye to see,
    Jesus, we will look to Thee!

    5. By Thy tears o’er Lazarus shed,
    By Thy power to raise the dead,
    By Thy meekness under scorn,
    By Thy stripes and crown of th orn; 
    By that rich and precious blood,
    That hath made our peace with God; 
    Jesus—to Thy feet we flee,
    Jesus—we will cling to Thee.

    6. Mighty to redeem and save,
    Thou hast overcome the grave;
    Thou the bars of death hast riv’n, 
    Open’d wide the gates of heav’n; 
    Soon in glory Thou shalt come, 
    Taking Thy poor pilgrims home; 
    Jesus, then we all shall be,
    Ever—ever—Lord, with Thee.
